Move from Community Clusters to Cirrus Cloud Clusters wording (#1125)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

An `artifacts` instruction allows to store files and expose them in the UI for downloading later. An `artifacts` instruction
can be named the same way as `script` instruction and has only one required `path` field which accepts a [glob pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming))

> of files relative to `$CIRRUS_WORKING_DIR` to store. Right now only storing files under [`$CIRRUS_WORKING_DIR` folder](#environment-variables) as artifacts is supported with a total size limit of 1G for a free task and with no limit on your own infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of files relative to `$CIRRUS_WORKING_DIR` to store. Right now only storing files under [`$CIRRUS_WORKING_DIR` folder](#environment-variables) as artifacts is supported with a total size limit of 1G on Cirrus Cloud Clusters task and with no limit on your own infrastructure.
```

Author: There is 5Gb limit for one using compute credits. 🤔

        ```

??? warning

>     **Note** that `additional_containers` can be used only with the [Linux Clusters](writing-tasks.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note** that `additional_containers` can be used only with the [Linux Clusters](linux.md),
```
